class in order to explain why your
hormones will soon make you an easy
target for every smooth-talking lothario
with his own car and tight jeans I will
now show a short sex education film
Ezekiel and Ishmael in accordance with
your parents wishes you may step out
into the hall and pray for our souls
hello i'm actor Troy McClure you kids
might remember me from such educational
films as lead paint delicious but deadly
and here comes the metric system I'm
here to provide the facts about sex in a
Frank and straightforward manner
and now here's fuzzy bunnies guide to
you know what this is fuzzy bunny about
a year ago he noticed his voice was
changing he had terrible acne and had
fur where there was no fur before he
also noticed fluffy bunny for ring
fluffy and fuzzy went to the park
the ice-cream social the Boat Show and
various other wholesome activities and
they never ruined their fun by giving in
to their throbbing biological urges then
came the big day fluffy and fuzzy got
married that night came the honeymoon
she's faking it the most satisfying part
of the night was knowing that they
waited nine months later fluffy gave
birth to 14 beautiful bunnies eight
survived and now that you know how it's
done don't do it